---
layout: post
title:  "V 3.5.1"
date:   2020-10-23 14:24:13 -0600
categories: release-note

---
Version 3.5.1 debuts a cornucopia of updates to the promo feature, updates and fixes for returning users and a couple of fixed bugs. 

# What’s New
- We did some serious (and majorly necessary) upgrading to the promotional processes of the payment page. It’s kind of a facelift + Marie Kondo vibe for promos.
    - We made it so that if there are multiple promotions running at one time, users can see the promotions gorgeously grouped for selection. 
    - If more than one promotion has the same name (twinsies), the promotion created first will show up to avoid conflicts. 
    - If a promotion is not applicable due to a discount code, the promotion will be removed from the dropdown list. 
    - For a while, promotions had stars next to them and now they don’t.
<br/>

- The ‘Change Membership’ option on Manage Membership got a facelift (well, actually a pretty solid rebuild, but tell your friends whatever you want). We changed the language and architecture to better suit the needs of incomplete_expired and cancelled users.
    - Returning users now see “Activate Membership” and it’s much more chic.
    - Incomplete_expired status users can no longer make membership changes in the form of Holds and Cancellations. 
    - Users with an incomple_expired or cancelled status can now complete their membership, update payment and return to active status without a major shenanigan.  
    - If a user is on hold, they can hop on onto their membership, stop their membership from being held and immediately achieve an active membership status. Wam Bam. 
    - If a user has initiated a cancellation, the cancellation can be cancelled from Manage Membership and can immediately return to an active membership status. ::sings: Reunited and it feels so goooood!::
    - Returning users can also enter a code that will connect a user with a special membership situation that’ll disable other membership options so it’s nice and clear. 
<br/>
- We improved language on the About You page to direct users to complete the Social Media fields instead of skipping them, only to turn around and say to themselves “OMG I have made a huge mistake, now I need to email support.”
- Failed invoices will now be cancelled rather than hanging out waiting to cause problems like disreputable invoices often do. 
- Admins can now create a Staff member from a lead. It’s like getting knighted almost.  


 

# Bug Fixes
- We fixed a confusion in membership activity that displayed pending holds rather than just current holds. Let’s just be present and not mix things up with upcoming holds, mmmkay?
- There was a bug that was erroneously sending suspensions to Wodify if a membership was trialing in the new application. We fixed it and now the suspensions are suspended...expelled really. 


<br/>


*[PR#100](https://github.com/streetparking/my-streetparking/pull/100#issue-504413496)* 

<br/>

my-streetparking-backend-emailer@2.6.0 \| my-streetparking-backend-fitness@2.2.0 \| <br/> my-streetparking-backend@3.4.0 \| my-streetparking-cron@2.7.0 \| *[my-streetparking-frontend@3.4.1](https://github.com/streetparking/my-streetparking/blob/development/packages/my-streetparking-backend/CHANGELOG.md)* \|
 my-streetparking-slack@2.6.0 \| taskmaster@0.2.0
