---
layout: post
title:  "V 1.70.71 "
date:   2020-7-27 14:24:13 -0600
categories: release-note

---
Version 1.70.71 debuts email validation required before completing the sign-up process, a fail-safe for collecting social media information and some helpful reminders. We also tackled eight bugs that needed tackling...as bugs do. 

# What’s New
- New users are now required to verify their email before completing the sign up process. It’s efficient for the user and helpy for the admins. Win. Win. Win. 
- Admins can now resend a welcome email from a Membership Profile page. They’ve got mail. 
- We added some helpful alerts for admins creating coupon codes. 
- New users now get an in Profile alert about immediate program access through Wodify and the wait window for the 'Invite to Street Parking Members Only' email. This is helpful. If you know, you know.
- Manual address entry, got a stylish new cancel button in case users wanted to return to the google address search bar.
- The sign up process now includes a checkbox that alerts users, who forgo adding social media information, that they won’t have access to Street Parking Members Only. No groups for you.


# Bug Fixes
- We fixed a bug that was causing email validation issues leaving users unvalidated literally and possibly figuratively.

- There was a bug stopping admins from updating lead and member addresses. The save button saved the day. 

- We fixed some code that affected the google search. It’s extra searchy now. 

- The holds table on Membership Profile didn’t actually display holds, which was really silly. The table now shows membership holds.

- We fixed a bug that stopped a user from seeing an updated password confirmation which made changing passwords a little dicey. 

- We fixed some aesthetic issues with a back button and a misaligned "Forgot Password" on mobile so you don’t have to feel off centered AND forgetful. 

- The admin apps got some fresh new descriptions (because ‘test description’ really didn’t paint the entire picture).

- We had a notification reminding users to join Street Parking social media groups even after they've already been added to Street Parking social media groups. It was silly and we fixed it. 
