---
layout: post
title:  "V 2.2.44?"
date:   2020-9-15 14:24:13 -0600
categories: release-note

---
Version 2.2.44? debuts some functional enhancements, improved scheduling abilities and nearly a handful of fixed bugs.

# What’s New
- We implemented the open source redis-cluster with kubernetes i.e. our servers still have functionality when something goes awry. And it can be handled without a bunch of lame downtime. 
- We added some increased time zone functionality to our backend so we can tell our system what to do whenever we want.
- We have a server (a “redis server” to be exact) that hangs onto key information for quick access. We did a thing that backs up even more data, and the whole situation can handle major workload like a boss. 
- Our server now tells us, in a more informed way, what it’s problem is.  




# Bug Fixes

- The time zone scheduler was not triggering emails. (How dare it.) We fixed it and it’s now behaving itself.

- If a military/first responder user signed up while a promotion was running, some wires got crossed and the pay button showed incorrect pricing. We uncrossed the wires and pricing is showing properly.

- We had a bug that allowed the payment page to occasionally ignore the membership selected by the user. We had a sit down with the payment page and it’s now using better listening skills. 

- We fixed a timezone package that killed the jobs. (Jobs = things we told the server to do). Woopsie. Because whatever you do, do not kill the jobs. 



 