---
layout: post
title:  "V 3.6.0"
date:   2020-10-27 14:24:13 -0600
categories: release-note

---
Version 3.6.0  debuts some important data management optimization, a major change to holds and two tackled bugs.


# What’s New
- We did some serious (and majorly necessary) upgrading to the promotional processes of the payment page. It’s kind of a facelift + Marie Kondo vibe for promos.
    - We made it so that if there are multiple promotions running at one time, users can see the promotions gorgeously grouped for selection. 
    - If more than one promotion has the same name (twinsies), the promotion created first will show up to avoid conflicts. 
    - If a promotion is not applicable due to a discount code, the promotion will be removed from the dropdown list. 
    - For a while, promotions had stars next to them and now they don’t.
<br/><br/>

- The ‘Change Membership’ option on Manage Membership got a facelift (well, actually a pretty solid rebuild, but tell your friends whatever you want). 
    - Returning users now see 'Activate Membership' rather than 'Change Membership' and it’s much more chic.
    - Incomplete_expired status users can no longer make membership changes in the form of Holds and Cancellations. 
    - Users with an incomple_expired or cancelled status can now complete their membership, update payment and return to active status without a major shenanigan.  
    - If a user is on hold, they can hop on onto their membership, stop their membership from being held and immediately achieve an active membership status. Wam Bam. 
    - If a user has initiated a cancellation, the cancellation can be cancelled and the user will immediately return to an active membership status. Reunited and it feels so goood!!
    - Returning users can also enter a code that will connect a user with a special membership situation that’ll disable other membership options so it’s nice and clear. 
<br/><br/>
- We improved language on the About You page to direct users to complete the Social Media fields instead of skipping them, only to turn around and say to themselves “OMG I have made a huge mistake, now I must email support.”
<br/><br/>
- Failed invoices will now be cancelled rather than hanging out waiting to cause problems like disreputable invoices often do. 
<br/><br/>
- Admins can now create a Staff member from a lead. It’s like getting knighted almost.  


 

# Bug Fixes
- We fixed a couple lil typos and spacing thangs.
<br/><br/>
- Everyone knows there’s nothing worse than a hampered coupon. So we fixed a bug that was messing up coupon usage. Users can now use coupons as intended. Unhampered. 
<br/><br/>
- There was a thing where the "Back" and "Save and Exit" buttons weren't working, so we were basically trapping users. We fixed it because you can't just trap people. 


<br/>


*[PR#101](https://github.com/streetparking/my-streetparking/pull/101)* *[PR#102](https://github.com/streetparking/my-streetparking/pull/102)* *[PR#103](https://github.com/streetparking/my-streetparking/pull/103)* *[PR#104](https://github.com/streetparking/my-streetparking/pull/104)* *[PR#105](https://github.com/streetparking/my-streetparking/pull/105)* *[PR#106](https://github.com/streetparking/my-streetparking/pull/106)* 

<br/>

my-streetparking-backend-emailer@2.6.2 \| my-streetparking-backend-fitness@2.2.1 \| <br/> [my-streetparking-backend@3.5.1](https://github.com/streetparking/my-streetparking/blob/development/packages/my-streetparking-backend/CHANGELOG.md) \| my-streetparking-cron@2.7.1 \| *[my-streetparking-frontend@3.5.1](https://github.com/streetparking/my-streetparking/blob/development/packages/my-streetparking-frontend/CHANGELOG.md)* 



 
 
 