---
layout: post
title:  V 6.13.0
date:   2021-5-5 14:24:13 -0600
categories: release-note

---
Version 6.13.0 debuts 


# New Features

- We all know it’s important to stay relevant. In related news, users and Admins can now update user goals. 
- We firmed up our password security and now users can’t create a password that includes only spaces. Sorry to everyone with those ghosty passwords, you gotta use more than the ol’ spacebar to lock it up. 
- We tidied up some code so it’s cleaner and prettier and easier to update. 
- We wired up the Coach Checkin and Welcome Back emails so new and returning users feel even more loved. #devteamlikesthis
- We spruced up a few little copy moments a user gets when they sign in. 
- Not to brag or anything, but now Admins can see a user’s membership status on any page. 
- We added “coming soon” to pages that are coming soon. Revolutionary. 
- We created the community tab on Admin with some extra capabilities that turned out to be unnecessary so we 86’d that ish.
- Admins can now search by any part of a name when searching for a user. If you want to find John Smith, you don’t have to search by his embarrassing email address johnfartsforfun@gmail.com You can just search for John, Smith or farts and find who you’re looking for. 


<br/>

# Bugs

- It used to be if you tried to delete a social media user name as a member or an Admin, you couldn’t...which is the opposite of how we wanted that ‘delete’ button to work, so...it now works as expected. 
 
- Admins can now change and save settings on a coupon just like you thought you were able to, but actually weren’t, but now can actually, so yeah. 
 
- When it comes to the Milestone Gift Card, nothing says “Welp, that’s not working.” like mixing up the fulfillment of the 75 workout hoodie situation. So we fixed it. 
 
- If a user tried to enter an Instagram handle without entering a Facebook handle, the fields would do a sort of gymnastic maneuver and flop round in a way that made about as much sense as the ending of Lost. It’s fixed now and no one was dead the whole time or anything. 



<br/>

*[6.12.1](https://github.com/streetparking/my-streetparking/releases/tag/v6.12.0)*
<br/>
<br/>


_RN Ninja: [RO](https://github.com/robyanna)_
 
 
 