---
layout: post
title:  V 6.21.0
date:   2021-6-10 14:24:13 -0600
categories: release-note

---
Version 6.21.0 debuts a little UI upgrade and some bug smashing. 

# Feature

- We spruced up the placement of a few things on admin so it's a little more feng shui. 

# Bug

- We had a bug in a rebellious phase that ignored promotional membership parameters and made things real frustrating. That bug has matured into a non-issue and now, when a promo is applied, the correct memberships are available and the incorrect ones are not...as expected.
- We added the ability for promotions to be scheduled in advance and then upon scheduling a promotion in advance, it became active immediately...so that wasn't the best. We fixed it and now we get that gorgeous delayed promo gratification everyone loves so much. 
- We clarified the copy on a screen that caused the ol' head tilt and scratch when a user changed their email address - which definitely wasn't the desired response.
- Some migrated users were being funneled through sign up even though they already had active accounts. And no one likes to be funneled improperly, so we re-wired and now migrated users are properly funneled.
- We had a pagination issue that was a being big liar. (Pagination = that thing in the bottom right of a screen that tells you how many things are on a page and how many pages of those things there are.) The pagination situation is now being honest with everyone and displays accurately. 


<br/>


<br/>

*[6.19.0](https://github.com/streetparking/my-streetparking/releases/tag/v6.19.0)*
<br/>
<br/>


_RN Ninja: [RO](https://github.com/robyanna)_
 
 
 