---
layout: post
title:  V 6.12.1
date:   2021-4-21 14:24:13 -0600
categories: release-note

---
Version 6.12.1 debuts a 3:4 ratio of new features to smashed bugs.


# New Features

- When an admin searches for a coupon and there’s only one possible matching result, that matched result automatically applies and it just feels right -  like Rachael and Joey felt right. 
 
- A user’s activity history now accurately shows when a billing date has been changed on an invoice. It’s like Christmas almost. 
 
- The power to set or delete a default payment method has been extended to Support Admins. So you could say things are getting pretty serious.


<br/>

# Bugs

- It used to be if you tried to delete a social media user name as a member or an Admin, you couldn’t...which is the opposite of how we wanted that ‘delete’ button to work, so...it now works as expected. 
 
- Admins can now change and save settings on a coupon just like you thought you were able to, but actually weren’t, but now can actually, so yeah. 
 
- When it comes to the Milestone Gift Card, nothing says “Welp, that’s not working.” like mixing up the fulfillment of the 75 workout hoodie situation. So we fixed it. 
 
- If a user tried to enter an Instagram handle without entering a Facebook handle, the fields would do a sort of gymnastic maneuver and flop round in a way that made about as much sense as the ending of Lost. It’s fixed now and no one was dead the whole time or anything. 



<br/>

*[6.12.1](https://github.com/streetparking/my-streetparking/releases/tag/v6.12.0)*
<br/>
<br/>


_RN Ninja: [RO](https://github.com/robyanna)_
 
 
 