---
layout: post
title:  V 6.7.0
date:   2021-3-30 14:24:13 -0600
categories: release-note

---
Version 6.7.0 Version 6.7.0 debuts…three bug fixes and three new-ish features...so...double Jeopardy.  


# New Features

- We added a layer of techy safety to catch a Wodify API that has the potential to run amok. Now, if the API tries to act up again, our system will put it in its place. 
- We re-added the Reset Password Email link to Admin tools. You’d be surprised how many times a user not only forgets a password, but also forgets the email we sent about forgetting a password.
- In the previous version, Admins could see if a user had a verified email address by way of a green checkmark. In the new version, we really left it up to the Admin’s imagination. Turns out that wasn’t effective, so we put the green checkmark back. 

<br/>

# Bugs

- Entering a Ukranian address is difficult if a system doesn’t recognize Ukraine as a country. We gave our system a geography lesson and now all Ukranians can enter in their home country to their heart's content. Вибач 
- Updating a new line of data on the social media table in Admin caused the previous line to be overwritten and gave the user unproductive dejavu vibes, which are not the business, so we fixed it. 
- While we were broadening our geographical horizons, we found some stickiness in the manual address form, so we sorted it out and now we are smarter AND less sticky.



<br/>

*[6.7.0](https://github.com/streetparking/my-streetparking/releases/tag/v6.7.0)*
<br/>
<br/>


_RN Ninja: [RO](https://github.com/robyanna)_
 
 
 