---
layout: post
title:  V 6.45.0
date:   2021-10-7 16:30:13 -0600
categories: release-note

---
Version 6.45.0 debuts six feature upgrades including poster images and a few bug fixes.

# Features

- We did some subtle style-related sprucing. ::admires in mirror::
- We wired up payment related things to pay an invoice immediately after taxes are applied rather than creating a draft and having a whole situation unfold. It's neater this way. 
- We made it so that the athlete trend report can be searched by date. (Like a calendar date, not the palm tree fruit thing. That doesn't even make sense.)
- We wired up a handy little email that'll alert Support Admins when a user's initial payment fails. 
- Admins can now add a poster image to media so users can see a more intentional preview of connected media instead of a random image from the video showing a hand or the floor or something. 
- Upgrade time: We made some under-the-hood performance improvements. 
<br/>

# Bugs
- We fixed some buggyness (technical term) that was making the Trophy Case challenge counts feel like a hot mess.
- When a Coach Admin deletes something from the media table, the table updates and refreshes as expected to show that the thing has been deleted. Before, it just kinda sat there, so...we fixed it.
- We fixed an annoying caching (thing that remembers info for a user in a casual way that helps things stay speedy) problem that impacted how a page loaded when a user searched for a score.


*[6.45.0](https://github.com/streetparking/my-streetparking/releases/tag/v6.45.0)*
<br/>
<br/>

_RN Ninja: [RO](https://github.com/robyanna)_
 
 
 