---
layout: post
title:  V 6.30.3
date:   2021-8-19 16:24:13 -0600
categories: release-note

---
Version 6.30.2 debuts intermingled features and fixes of the Workout Builer, scoring...and we made it really fast. Speed. ¡Go Gallos! 

# Features & Fixes

- You know how navigating Wo...ahem...the "other" platform was slow? Like...pick up a new hobby and become a 10,000 hour expert while you're waiting for shi...stuff to load, kinda slow? Well, navigating the Workout Builder is WAY faster. It has to do with a super smarty way we use caching to manage things, but mostly you just need to know it's speedy!
- OMG Guess what?! Users can now score a workout. Yep, for realsies. (But they also kind of can't because no one has permission to see it yet.) K, byeeeeeee. 
- If a feature is released, but it's hidden from users, did it even make a sound? Well, we think it did because users can now score a workout and even select an emoji that...(if they have access that is)! 
- THERE'S SO MUCH!! In case you missed it, Daily Workouts can be seen by a user (they're hidden like scoring though, so don't try), but we've added, updated, and improved stuff. For example: 
    - Members can now choose to score their workouts using the standard OR metric system so you can stop lugging around your calculator and double sided rulers - we'll do it for you. 
    - When a user tries to look really far ahead at a workout, they see a countdown timer giving them a nifty numerical announcement telling them when the workout will be viewable down to the second. 
    - We added emojis to scoring. So, whether you feel like a mega smiley or a frownie face or a few different options in between, you can record your mood.
- The Workout Builder is growing up so fast! ::sniff:: Seems like it was only yesterday when we kept saying "oh! It'll be here any day" and now it's here and we can't remember what life was like without it:
    - Success messages are now in a handy little place in the bottom right of the screen instead of stuck at the top where they used to live. It's called a "snack bar" in case you wanted to know. (Devs use a lot of food lingo.)
    - Scrolling is so passé. Users can now minimize workout components instead of having all that content stack up into a problematically long list.
    - We changed the names of some buttons to make more sense. Sorry for the nonsense buttons.
    - When users create a movement, it now automatically defaults to active, which feels more apropos than the former default of inactive. 
    - Now a user can click on the title of a warm up and the text/description will display below title (instead of nothing...which is what was happening before.)
    - Notes with only text or title can be added so users can get super flexy with labeling workout components. You do you, boo. 
    - If a date is part of the workout title, it will now display a more orderly DD/MM/YYYY -instead of the year first format (for techy reasons). How could anyone possibly understand the date with the year listed first?! It's just too much to ask of a human mind. I kid, I kid!! Everyone likes it better this way.
    - We added some helpy prefill text for workout directives for men and women so coaches can spend less time typing and more time doing other coachy things. 

    # GO GALLOS!!!
    

<br/>

*[6.30.3](https://github.com/streetparking/my-streetparking/releases/tag/v6.30.3)*
<br/>
<br/>


_RN Ninja: [RO](https://github.com/robyanna)_
 
 
 